
ReplaceAllGit 简要说明 Brief Explanation

采用机器翻译，敬请谅解。
Machine translation is used, please understand.

本项目是带孩子学习 Windows GUI 编程的练手项目，有不完善请多包涵。
This project is a practice project for teaching children Windows GUI programming, please forgive any imperfections.

Git 安全漏洞问题需升级所有 Git.exe。此工具用于查找本地硬盘上所有的 Git 并获取版本信息，批量更新（复制、创建软链接）。
This tool is used to find all Git on the local hard disk and obtain version information, and then update in batches (copy, create soft links).

使用方法：
1.程序加载时自动获取最新版本号，视网络情况可能需要稍微等待1-2秒；
2.在列表中选中版本最新的一项，点“设为来源”；
3.在列表中选中需要升级的项，将前面的复选框设为选中；
4.点右下角“更新复选框选中”的按钮。
另外：
?点右上角红色 Git 图标将用浏览器访问 https://gitforwindows.org
?点有右上角版本信息，将用浏览器访问最新版本下载页面并下载，此时会提示是否切换为华为镜像站点：https://mirrors.huaweicloud.com/git-for-windows 以加快访问速度。

How to use:
　　1．The program automatically obtains the latest version number when it loads, depending on network conditions, you may need to wait for 1-2 seconds;
　　2．Select the latest version in the list and click "Set as Source";
　　3．Select the items that need to be upgraded in the list and check the checkbox in front of them;
　　4．Click the "Update Selected" button at the bottom right.
In addition:
?Clicking the red Git icon in the upper right corner will use the browser to visit https://gitforwindows.org 
?Clicking the version information in the upper right corner will use the browser to visit the latest version download page and download, at this time it will prompt whether to switch to the Huawei mirror site: https://mirrors.huaweicloud.com/git-for-windows to speed up access.